In the last video, we took a look at exactly why we were seeing this really mysterious error message
any time that we were trying to fetch our current user during the server side rendering process.
So now in this video, we're going to take a look at how to solve this problem.
Okay.
So fortunately, solving the problem is not going to be the worst thing in the world.
It's more just identifying the problem.
That was the big issue.
So we're going to have a two kind of step solution here.
We're going to configure Axios a little bit differently.
We're going to configure how Axios makes requests differently depending on whether or not we are making
the request from the browser or from our next JS application.
If we are ever making a request from inside the browser, then we're going to configure Axios to use
a base URL of basically empty string.
So in other words, we're going to continue to allow the browser to figure out the domain, to make
the request to if we are running inside the browser.
Because as we saw just a little bit ago, there's no problem with that whatsoever.
All we have to do is allow Axios to do its usual thing or more specifically the browser, to do its
usual thing of appending whatever the current domain is that we're visiting onto the URL.
That ticketing, for example?
Totally fine, no issue whatsoever.
That request did successfully get routed off to ingress engine X and then eventually to all service.
So again, if we are making the request in the browser, we're not really going to worry about it too
much.
However, where we ran into problems was when we were making the request from the servers side rendering
phase.
So there's two different ways of solving this when we are making the request from inside of next Edge's.
There's option number one and option number two.
So for option number two, we're going to go in reverse order here for option number two.
We can somehow tell Axios or something inside of Nexus that if we are running inside of next, if we
are running this code during server side rendering, let's make sure that we put on the domain of that
service that we're trying to reach out to.
Remember, this is a little bit of trivia.
Back when we were putting together all that Kubernetes stuff.
If we go and take a look at our Office Depot file.
We had created that cluster IP service and we gave it a name of off CRV, and that meant that any other
pod or anything else inside of our cluster specifically can access this service, and therefore the
pod that it governs access to by trying to go to HTTP off CRV.
So that means that from inside of our next application, we could make a request to Off Dash XB.
And Kubernetes would make sure that that request was forwarded on to eventually our service.
Now, remember, right now I'm using that term service somewhat interchangeably between the context
of microservices and the Kubernetes world.
Remember that in Kubernetes service refers to a cluster IP service or a node port service.
So again, kind of using that term interchangeably right now.
But the point is we can essentially just tell our next application to make a request directly over to
the service.
Now I'm going to say that this is not a very good option because this implies that our React client
code is going to know the exact service name for every different thing it's ever going to want to reach
out to.
So if we start to introduce other services, we're going to have to encode those exact service names
into our React application.
And that's just a little bit of a nightmare.
The other problem is that we need to somehow know not only those service names, but also which route
corresponds to which service.
So we might right now it might be really easy to just look at this entire URL and say, Oh, we're making
a request to some user's endpoint.
Well, that's probably tied to the service.
But what if some point in time we need to make a request to some mystery service like API slash fruit?
Would we just naturally know that we need to make a request to some other service named Fruit?
What if it was actually managed by like some produce service or something like that?
So not only do we need to know the service names, we also need to know which routes correspond to which
services.
Fortunately, all that information has already been encoded in another location.
We've already set up all that information inside of Ingress Engine X.
So rather than using option number two and having our client reach directly out to the service, we're
going to go with option number one.
We're going to say that anytime we need to fetch data from a service inside of our Kubernetes cluster,
we're going to have our next gen application reach out to an ingress engine x, which is already running
inside the cluster.
Ingress Engine X can then figure out where to send this request off to based upon just the path by itself.
So all we have to do is say, Hey, Ingress Engine X, I'm trying to make a request to API users.
Current user and Ingress Engine X already has the set of relevant rules that we put together right here.
It knows how to take a request to some arbitrary endpoint and map it up to some service and some actual
port.
Now there's just a little bit of a challenge with this approach for option number one, and that is
what domain are we making the request to?
How do we somehow reach out to Ingress and Gen X while we are inside of some pod?
We can very easily reach out to Ingress and Gen X from our local machine by just making a request to
local host port 80 or as we have set it up, ticketing dev that's going to afford the request on to
ingress in Gen X.
But how do we do that same kind of thing when we are already inside the cluster?
So that will be something for us to figure out.
We need to figure out how to make a request directly to ingress in Gen X when we are inside the cluster.
That's a little bit of a challenge to figure out.
There's one other little challenge as well.
Remember, our entire authentication mechanism right now works based upon cookies.
And so as we're talking about somehow fetching the current user, we need to keep in mind in the very
back of our head that we have some request coming into our application and it includes a cookie.
And at some point in time, we're going to make a follow up request from inside of next.
And that follow up request is probably going to have to include that cookie information right now.
Back inside of our index file.
When this gets executed on the server or inside of next, we do not have access to the browser to automatically
manage that cookie or anything like that.
This line of code, when it's executed in a Node.js environment, doesn't care about cookies.
Cookies are the last thing that it could possibly care about in the world.
So we need to figure out some way to make sure that we make this request from next.
JS We take a look at the original incoming request.
We extract the cookie off there and include it in the request off to ingress engine X so that when this
request finally gets routed through ingress engine X over to the off service.
Kind of like that right there.
The service will see that incoming cookie.
All right.
So as you can tell, yeah, this stuff is kind of crazy.
Pretty darn complicated, as I mentioned in the last video.
This is really all why I wanted to take the server side rendering approach.
I want you to see some of these challenges around making requests to other services from inside of our
cluster.
Okay, so we got our work cut out for us.
So let's take a quick pause right here and continue in just a moment.